Add Protein Input Path (#179)
nf-core/metapep: docs/output.md

- Gray: associations (n to m relations)
- Purple: Epitope prediction output

> Entities correspond to taxa, MAGs/bins, assembly contigs or protein FASTAs (for input type proteins).

Reviewer: I understand here that one protein fasta file is one entity. But below is written

> Each protein sequence in the FASTA file becomes its own entity, named after the FASTA record ID.

isnt that contradictory?

> Entities correspond to taxa, MAGs/bins, assembly contigs or protein FASTAs (for input type proteins).

Author: ```suggestion
Entities correspond to taxa, MAGs/bins, assembly contigs or protein sequences.
```
